The North Korean situation 1980s was unique, as most North Korean situations are. They built something he haven't seen before or since: an independent *flesh interface* of enormous size and power, but within a contained incident zone and no metallic cylinders. We detected it via the cosmic ray information signature which was concentrated on a secure, shielded facility outside the Hwasong prison camp.

This was a huge underground facility which they had been constructing for over a decade. We anticipated that they would construct a portal-level interface and were fully prepared to bomb it before became uncontained. What we didn't expect is that it would achieve Level VII cosmic transmission rates without all the other normal signs of full-fledged portal. We considered bombing it anyways, or using our Brilliant Pebbles kinetic orbital strike system, but instead we managed to get two agents into the facility to take a look at it.

They achieved high-level security clearance and found that the Koreans were using the *flesh interface* as an information processing facility. This was quite novel, as we had always considered it to be potential weapons system. Our curiosity was truly piqued. Clearly the Norks knew something we didn't. Unfortunately, our agents weren't able to access the enormous "mainframe chamber" which actually housed the interface. All they knew was that it was in a huge chamber full of temperature-regulated water.

We instructed them to breach the chamber and get a look at it, then send us the data by satellite. We knew full well that it would probably cost them their lives, but we pumped them up with a lot of "do it for the planet" rhetoric. So one night they put on dive suits and went into the chamber.

It was basically like a huge lake contained within a massive, darkened steel box. Imagine a flooded warehouse with endless rows of dim ceiling lights shining down on rippling black water. They jumped into the water, and pretty quickly they picked up some pretty interesting audio signals with varying frequencies -- a kind of squeaking, mewling sound. They recognized the sound for what it was right away, but had a hard time believing it. Whale songs. The chamber contained several adult humpback whales.
