> There can be no threat in the grand scheme. Each universe is instanced and complete. The user can only experience perceived threats.
> 
> It is a catch-22.  Remember that what we consider a 'universe' includes time.  ALL time.  Therefore, whatever can happen (i.e. a 'threat') is already done.  It is a component of that universe.
> 


> I'm going to make an analogy of why what you're saying doesn't make sense to me.  We are driving down a road.  But for some reason you are telling me you believe we making the road as we drive, and that if we don't stop building the road this direction it will run into a cliff.  And if we build the road to the cliff the whole road will be destroyed.

> If you are right and we are building the road to the cliff, then that is where the road ends.  And if we choose to keep driving we will go off the cliff.  Or we can choose a different road.  But I can't fathom how you think getting to the cliff destroys the road.


I understand your analogy. Here is mine.

The road is not the issue, nor is the car. It is a chasm that was not there before. I've went back to before the chasm existed and I am now trying to fill in this chasm with a shovel, and a very stubborn pack mule. Or at least build a bridge over it. Around it might be better. He and I are going to have to discuss this tonight. Your insight has been helpful. I will need to research more, after I rest. I do not think here is the place for these types of discussions. Maybe this site has no place for this discussion. And G's little place is nice. I understand why they like each other and talk. 

&nbsp;


> And for the second part, what is CDT? 

Causal Dynamical Triangulation. 

&nbsp;

Thank you. Again. It so flat here and hard to obtain knowledge. 

&nbsp;

To give you an analogy of how flat it is: 

Imagine being a Advanced Field Medic in the future. You are wearing VR contact lens that are "jacked in". You are at a M.A.S.H. overflowing with casualties and you are doing surgeries that give you a complete overlay of the injured person's body, in real time. It tells you what to administer, where to cut, where to suture, where to cauterize. Who is beyond saving. You are not a doctor, you are now an extension of a doctor. Only the doctor is AI. A medical AI that any person can access wearing these, or any compatible lens technology. "


It is so flat here. And I am tired and still weak, and the mule is *stubborn* today. 

Thank you again. I will read your comments when I wake. 

